Okay, so now let's talk about the second way
we can decouple our application using SNS.
So what if you want to send one message to many receivers?
We can go the route of direct integration.
For example, having a buying service
sending an email notification,
then talking to a fraud service,
talking to a shipping service,
and talking to the SQS Queue.
But that would be quite complicated
because we need to write four direct integrations.
Instead, we can use something
called a Pub/Sub type of integration
in which we have an SNS Topic.
And the buying service will be sending a message
into our SNS Topic,
and the topic automatically will be smart enough
to send a notification via email to the fraud service,
to the shipping service, and even to an SQS Queue.
So this is the premise of SNS.
SNS stands for Simple Notification Service,
and the event publishers will only send messages
to one SNS topic,
and you can have as many event subscribers as you want
to listen to the SNS topic notifications.
Each subscriber to the topic will get all the messages.
So this is different from SQS
where the consumers were sharing the messages.
In this example, each subscriber to the topic
will get all the messages sent to the SNS topic.
Each SNS topic can have
more than 12 million subscriptions per topic.
And also, we have a soft limit of 100,000 topic limits
for each account.
So SNS has many destinations.
It can publish to many subscribers.
And from the AWS target service from SNS,
we have Amazon SQS, Lambda, and Amazon Data Firehose.
But also we can send emails directly from SNS.
We can send SMS and mobile notifications.
And finally, we can send data directly into a HTTP
or HTTPS Endpoint.
So bottom line is, anytime in the exam you see notification,
publish subscribe, subscribers, et cetera, et cetera,
then think about Amazon SNS.
Okay, this is it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.